cmd/server/README.md, before:

<p align="center">
  <img src="https://inkbunny.net/images81/elephant/logo/bunny.png" width="100" />
  <img src="https://inkbunny.net/images81/elephant/logo/text.png" width="300" />
  <br>
  <h1 align="center">Inkbunny Ticket Auditor</h1>
</p>

<p align="center">
  <a href="https://inkbunny.net/">
    <img alt="Inkbunny" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/website-inkbunny.net-blue">
  </a>
  <a href="https://wiki.inkbunny.net/wiki/API">
    <img alt="API" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/api-inkbunny.net-blue">
  </a>
  <a href="https://pkg.go.dev/github.com/ellypaws/inkbunny/api">
    <img alt="api reference" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/api-inkbunny/api-007d9c?logo=go&logoColor=white">
  </a>
  <a href="https://github.com/ellypaws/inkbunny">
    <img alt="api github" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/github-inkbunny/api-007d9c?logo=github&logoColor=white">
  </a>
  <a href="https://goreportcard.com/report/github.com/ellypaws/inkbunny-app">
    <img src="https://goreportcard.com/badge/github.com/ellypaws/inkbunny-app" alt="Go Report Card" />
  </a>
  <br>
  <a href="https://github.com/ellypaws/inkbunny-app/graphs/contributors">
    <img alt="Inkbunny ML contributors" src="https://img.shields.io/github/contributors/ellypaws/inkbunny-app">
  </a>
  <a href="https://github.com/ellypaws/inkbunny-app/commits/main">
    <img alt="Commit Activity" src="https://img.shields.io/github/commit-activity/m/ellypaws/inkbunny-app">
  </a>
  <a href="https://github.com/ellypaws/inkbunny-app">
    <img alt="GitHub Repo stars" src="https://img.shields.io/github/stars/ellypaws/inkbunny-app?style=social">
  </a>
</p>

--------------

<p align="right"><i>Disclaimer: This project is not affiliated or endorsed by Inkbunny.</i></p>

<img src="https://go.dev/images/gophers/ladder.svg" width="48" alt="Go Gopher climbing a ladder." align="right">

This project is designed to detect AI-generated images made with stable diffusion in Inkbunny submissions. It processes files and descriptions and uses heuristics to determine if the submission follows the [guidelines](https://wiki.inkbunny.net/wiki/ACP#AI).

By using crafted [heuristics](https://github.com/ellypaws/inkbunny-sd),
as well as the potential to use an LLM to inference the parameters.
A general purpose [API](../api) library is available to integrate with your own program logic.

## Usage

> *Make sure you have api turned on in your Inkbunny account settings. You will need your API key and SID to
use the Inkbunny API. You can change this in
your [account settings](https://inkbunny.net/account.php#:~:text=API%20(External%20Scripting))*

Inkbunny ML offers a comprehensive suite of tools designed for auditing and moderating AI-generated content. It includes an extensive database that manages everything from tickets and auditors to artist lookups and the auditing process itself.

To boost performance, this module integrates a dual-layer caching system, utilizing both local and Redis caches. This strategy is crafted to deliver aggressive performance improvements and scalable results.

A demo app is available either at [https://inkbunny.keiau.space](https://inkbunny.keiau.space/app/audits) or in [retool](https://inkbunny.retool.com).
![Inkbunny Ticket Auditor](doc/screenshot.png)

The system simplifies your workflow by automatically generating a prepared ticket based on smart heuristics. This allows you to focus on the essential tasks of auditing and modifying the ticket before submission to Inkbunny.

![Ticket](doc/ticket.png)

There are additional features such as generating the prompt with Stable Diffusion to test if the parameters match the generation.

A caption service using [github.com/picobyte/stable-diffusion-webui-wd14-tagger](https://github.com/picobyte/stable-diffusion-webui-wd14-tagger) that can be used to generate captions for images to potentially detect humans in artwork.

Set the environment variables for the server to run. You can set the following environment variables:

There is also an [extension server](../extension) with mostly just the review service running to use with a [userscript](https://github.com/ellypaws/inkbunny-extension/tree/main/scripts) to return metadata badges or a ticket to review inside Inkbunny itself.

```bash
export PORT "your_port"
export API_HOST "your_api_host"
export SD_HOST "your_sd_host"
export REDIS_HOST "your_redis_host"
export REDIS_PASSWORD "your_redis_password"
export REDIS_USER "your_redis_user" # when not set, uses 'default'
```

An optional Redis server can be used for caching.
If not set, it will fall back to local memory cache.
You can always override this behavior for most request by setting the `Cache-Control` header to `no-cache`.

### Building from Source

Prerequisites: Make sure you have api turned on in your Inkbunny account settings. You will need your API key and SID to
use the Inkbunny API. You can change this in
your [account settings](https://inkbunny.net/account.php#:~:text=API%20(External%20Scripting))

If you're building from source, you will need to install the dependencies:
Download Go 1.22.2 or later from the [official website](https://golang.org/dl/).

```bash
git clone https://github.com/ellypaws/inkbunny-app.git
cd inkbunny-app/cmd/server

go build -o server
./server
```

You can also use the pre-built binaries from the [releases page](https://github.com/ellypaws/inkbunny-app/releases).

Commit message:

docs: update README.md and to mention submodules and Go version 1.22.3

cmd/server/README.md, after:

<p align="center">
  <img src="https://inkbunny.net/images81/elephant/logo/bunny.png" width="100" />
  <img src="https://inkbunny.net/images81/elephant/logo/text.png" width="300" />
  <br>
  <h1 align="center">Inkbunny Ticket Auditor</h1>
</p>

<p align="center">
  <a href="https://inkbunny.net/">
    <img alt="Inkbunny" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/website-inkbunny.net-blue">
  </a>
  <a href="https://wiki.inkbunny.net/wiki/API">
    <img alt="API" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/api-inkbunny.net-blue">
  </a>
  <a href="https://pkg.go.dev/github.com/ellypaws/inkbunny/api">
    <img alt="api reference" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/api-inkbunny/api-007d9c?logo=go&logoColor=white">
  </a>
  <a href="https://github.com/ellypaws/inkbunny">
    <img alt="api github" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/github-inkbunny/api-007d9c?logo=github&logoColor=white">
  </a>
  <a href="https://goreportcard.com/report/github.com/ellypaws/inkbunny-app">
    <img src="https://goreportcard.com/badge/github.com/ellypaws/inkbunny-app" alt="Go Report Card" />
  </a>
  <br>
  <a href="https://github.com/ellypaws/inkbunny-app/graphs/contributors">
    <img alt="Inkbunny ML contributors" src="https://img.shields.io/github/contributors/ellypaws/inkbunny-app">
  </a>
  <a href="https://github.com/ellypaws/inkbunny-app/commits/main">
    <img alt="Commit Activity" src="https://img.shields.io/github/commit-activity/m/ellypaws/inkbunny-app">
  </a>
  <a href="https://github.com/ellypaws/inkbunny-app">
    <img alt="GitHub Repo stars" src="https://img.shields.io/github/stars/ellypaws/inkbunny-app?style=social">
  </a>
</p>

--------------

<p align="right"><i>Disclaimer: This project is not affiliated or endorsed by Inkbunny.</i></p>

<img src="https://go.dev/images/gophers/ladder.svg" width="48" alt="Go Gopher climbing a ladder." align="right">

This project is designed to detect AI-generated images made with stable diffusion in Inkbunny submissions. It processes files and descriptions and uses heuristics to determine if the submission follows the [guidelines](https://wiki.inkbunny.net/wiki/ACP#AI).

By using crafted [heuristics](https://github.com/ellypaws/inkbunny-sd),
as well as the potential to use an LLM to inference the parameters.
A general purpose [API](../api) library is available to integrate with your own program logic.

## Usage

> *Make sure you have api turned on in your Inkbunny account settings. You will need your API key and SID to
use the Inkbunny API. You can change this in
your [account settings](https://inkbunny.net/account.php#:~:text=API%20(External%20Scripting))*

Inkbunny ML offers a comprehensive suite of tools designed for auditing and moderating AI-generated content. It includes an extensive database that manages everything from tickets and auditors to artist lookups and the auditing process itself.

To boost performance, this module integrates a dual-layer caching system, utilizing both local and Redis caches. This strategy is crafted to deliver aggressive performance improvements and scalable results.

A demo app is available either at [https://inkbunny.keiau.space](https://inkbunny.keiau.space/app/audits) or in [retool](https://inkbunny.retool.com).
![Inkbunny Ticket Auditor](doc/screenshot.png)

The system simplifies your workflow by automatically generating a prepared ticket based on smart heuristics. This allows you to focus on the essential tasks of auditing and modifying the ticket before submission to Inkbunny.

![Ticket](doc/ticket.png)

There are additional features such as generating the prompt with Stable Diffusion to test if the parameters match the generation.

A caption service using [github.com/picobyte/stable-diffusion-webui-wd14-tagger](https://github.com/picobyte/stable-diffusion-webui-wd14-tagger) that can be used to generate captions for images to potentially detect humans in artwork.

Set the environment variables for the server to run. You can set the following environment variables:

There is also an [extension server](../extension) with mostly just the review service running to use with a [userscript](https://github.com/ellypaws/inkbunny-extension/tree/main/scripts) to return metadata badges or a ticket to review inside Inkbunny itself.

## Usage

> *Make sure you have api turned on in your Inkbunny account settings. You will need your API key and SID to
use the Inkbunny API. You can change this in
your [account settings](https://inkbunny.net/account.php#:~:text=API%20(External%20Scripting))*

You can read the individual readme files for each project to get started.
An example usage for [Inkbunny AI Bridge](cmd/extension) is provided below.

Set the environment variables for the server to run. You can set the following environment variables:

```bash
export PORT "your_port"
export API_HOST "your_api_host"
export SD_HOST "your_sd_host"
export REDIS_HOST "your_redis_host"
export REDIS_PASSWORD "your_redis_password"
export REDIS_USER "your_redis_user" # when not set, uses 'default'
```

An optional Redis server can be used for caching.
If not set, it will fall back to local memory cache.
You can always override this behavior for most request by setting the `Cache-Control` header to `no-cache`.

### Building from Source

If you're building from source, you will need to install the dependencies:
Download Go 1.22.3 or later from the [official website](https://golang.org/dl/).

> When cloning from the repository, make sure to use `--recurse-submodules` to initialize inkbunny-sd.

```bash
git clone --recurse-submodules https://github.com/ellypaws/inkbunny-app.git
cd inkbunny-app/cmd/server

go build -o server
./server
```

And when pulling, make sure to update the submodules:

```bash
git pull
git submodule update --init --recursive
```

You can also use the pre-built binaries from the [releases page](https://github.com/ellypaws/inkbunny-app/releases).
